volumegroup: crd and doc updates for volumegroup replication (#748)
csi-addons/kubernetes-csi-addons: docs/volumegroupreplication.md

# VolumeGroupReplication

VolumeGroupReplication is a namespaced resource that contains references to storage object to be grouped and replicated, VolumeGroupReplicationClass corresponding to the driver providing replication, VolumeGroupContent and VolumeReplication CRs.

`volumeGroupReplicationClassName` is the name of the class providing group replication.

`volumeReplicationClassName` is the name of the class providing the replication for volumeReplication CR.

`volumeReplicationName` is the name of the volumeReplication CR created by this volumeGroupReplication CR

`volumeGroupReplicationContentName` is the name of the volumeGroupReplicationConten CR created by this volumeGroupReplication CR.

> `replicationState` is the state of the volume being referenced. Possible values are `primary`, `secondary` and `resync`.

Reviewer: "volume" -> "volume group", here and in more places

Author: Done

- `primary` denotes that the volume is primary
- `secondary` denotes that the volume is secondary
- `resync` denotes that the volume needs to be resynced

`source` contains the source of the volumeGroupReplication i.e, the selectors to match the PVC/PVs to be replicated.

> - `selector` is a label selector to filter the pvcs that are to be included in the group replication

Reviewer: consider providing an example of PVCs with a matching label too

Author: Done

```yaml
apiVersion: replication.storage.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: VolumeGroupReplication
metadata:
  name: volumegroupreplication-sample
  namespace: default
spec:
  volumeReplicationClassName: volumereplicationclass-sample
  volumeGroupReplicationClassName: volumegroupreplicationclass-sample
  replicationState: primary
  source:
    selector:
      matchLabels:
        group: replication

> ```

Reviewer: in addition to the `spec`, is there a `state` that could contain useful information?

Author: No, we have status but that's just the copy of VR status. Therefore, not needed here.

Author: Added `status` that contains the `state` and the `persistentVolumeClaimsRefList` field.

# VolumeGroupReplication

> VolumeGroupReplication is a namespaced resource that contains references to storage object to be grouped and replicated, VolumeGroupReplicationClass corresponding to the driver providing replication, VolumeGroupContent and VolumeReplication CRs.

Reviewer 2: `VolumeGroupContent` should be `VolumeGroupReplicationContent`?

Author: Done

`volumeGroupReplicationClassName` is the name of the class providing group replication.

`volumeReplicationClassName` is the name of the class providing the replication for volumeReplication CR.

> `volumeReplicationName` is the name of the volumeReplication CR created by this volumeGroupReplication CR

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`volumeReplicationName` is the name of the volumeReplication CR created by this volumeGroupReplication CR.
```

Author: Done

> `volumeGroupReplicationContentName` is the name of the volumeGroupReplicationConten CR created by this volumeGroupReplication CR.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`volumeGroupReplicationContentName` is the name of the volumeGroupReplicationContent CR created for this volumeGroupReplication CR.
```

Author: Done

`replicationState` is the state of the volume group being referenced. Possible values are `primary`, `secondary` and `resync`.

- `primary` denotes that the volume group is primary
- `secondary` denotes that the volume group is secondary
- `resync` denotes that the volume group needs to be resynced

`source` contains the source of the volumeGroupReplication i.e, the selectors to match the PVC/PVs to be replicated.

- `selector` is a label selector to filter the pvcs that are to be included in the group replication

```yaml
apiVersion: replication.storage.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: VolumeGroupReplication
metadata:
  name: volumegroupreplication-sample
  namespace: default
spec:
  volumeReplicationClassName: volumereplicationclass-sample
  volumeGroupReplicationClassName: volumegroupreplicationclass-sample

>   replicationState: primary

Reviewer 2: we need to have https://github.com/csi-addons/kubernetes-csi-addons/blob/ee41518d9d43bb33764bbdb4c8a89dcc0964443b/api/replication.storage/v1alpha1/volumereplication_types.go#L138-L141 if its not present in the VolumeGroupReplication

`volumeReplicationName` is the name of the volumeReplication CR created by this volumeGroupReplication CR.

`volumeGroupReplicationContentName` is the name of the volumeGroupReplicationContent CR created for this volumeGroupReplication CR.

`replicationState` is the state of the volume group being referenced. Possible values are `primary`, `secondary` and `resync`.

- `primary` denotes that the volume group is primary
- `secondary` denotes that the volume group is secondary
- `resync` denotes that the volume group needs to be resynced

`source` contains the source of the volumeGroupReplication i.e, the selectors to match the PVC/PVs to be replicated.

- `selector` is a label selector to filter the pvcs that are to be included in the group replication

```yaml
apiVersion: replication.storage.openshift.io/v1alpha1
kind: VolumeGroupReplication
metadata:
  name: volumegroupreplication-sample
  namespace: default
spec:
  volumeReplicationClassName: volumereplicationclass-sample
  volumeGroupReplicationClassName: volumegroupreplicationclass-sample
  replicationState: primary
  source:
    selector:
      matchLabels:

>         group: test

Reviewer: ah! The labels still do not match... either use `appname: test` here, or `group: test` in the PVC.

Author: Ugh, sorry for the mess up, Hopefully, it should be good now 😓

>         group: replication

Reviewer: label doesn't match with the PVC

Author: Done.
